# Minutes of Meeting

## Guide

* ***Tasks*** (T) have an owner and a deadline.
* ***Decisions*** (D) made by Client, teaching assistant or team members.
* ***Information*** (I) all other discussion of interest.

#

### *Date :* January 13th 2020, Monday
### *Time :* 09:00
### *Topic :* First Client Meet
### *Attendees:* 
* ### Professor Vishal Garg
* ### Fanish Jain
* ### Jyoti Sunkara
* ### Pranav Tadimeti
* ### Sartak Periwal
* ### Swastik Murawat


Type | Description | Owner | Deadline
---- | ---- | ---- | ----
D | Date of next meet was set to be 17th Jan 2020 | - | -
T | Read thesis and connect to gateway in KRB | Prof.Vishal Garg | 18 Jan 2020
T | Create a dashboard containing energy maps,temperature maps,occupancy data | Prof.Vishal Garg  | 4th Sprint
I | Use of BACnet to access data from KRB unit | - | -
I | Energy usage of each lab in KRB must be calculated and analysed | - | -
I | Team must propose innovative ways to work with the data | - | -
I | Challanges maybe faced in terms of privacy issues where the researchers may not want their room temperature profile to be public | - | -



### Discussion

The team was briefed on the project description, the features/screens/algorithms to be used, the technology/skills required, the challenges we may need to address and the work required to be done in each of the first sprint.

KRB unit gives data about whether the AC is on/off, temperature.All data can be accesses from the single location.

Alerts sent to the head of the lab about wastage of energy.

Is the right temperature set based on outside temperature.

Energy usage for the entire block must be calculated.

Challanges maybe faced in terms of privacy issues where the researchers may not want their room temperature profile to be public. Do not violate privacy.

Dashboard in the form of a website containing energy maps, temperature maps, occupancy data.

Data can be used to save energy.

Team must propose innovative ways to work with the data.

Mobile application with remote like controls where the researchers can access  AC controls. Each lab must be password protected.

Contact Manasa.
Read thesis.
Connect to gateway in KRB, to start accessing data.


